Now, for those of you who are bothered by the fact that this is in the middle here, we can change
it because remember, this is part of our home content, which means we're inside of our column and
we said vertical arrangement here would save space evenly because we're going to have other user interfaces,
pieces there.
But if you want, we can just say, let's change this arrangement here to top like this.
And if we run, we should see this is going to go to work.
It's supposed to.
And there you have it.
Next, let's start putting together these items.
So we have this card that looks really nice.
And you will see then that this card here is used throughout this page throughout the screen, which
means we need to actually create a composable that can be reused anywhere else we want.
OK, now before we move forward, I do realize we have a few things inside of our reader home here that
perhaps this should be taken somewhere else.
For instance, we can move this title section somewhere else right in our components.
Just cut all of this.
Good components and just add it there, which means now we'll have to call it.
Or import it.
Such a good.
Close this down and also.
Our reader, that app here, we could remove that.
And add.
To our component here.
Which means this will also have to happen.
I did so just restructuring a few things here and for now, because we're going to be working and reading
right now that that's fine.
We can also move this away from here.
Our fat content and add to our component looks like in this case, we need to pass important alignment
for this to work inside here.
That's good.
OK, let's go back and import this RFP that.
So now things are a little bit cleaner.
We'll move this reading right now, area as we work on it later.
All right.
So in our column here, this is in our home content.
What we have so far is this, which is great.
Now we want to start working on this card.
So let me create another composable here.
Let's make it preview first and say composable.
And of course, the next function.
Call this list card book card list cards.
Same thing.
Let's call it list card section.
All right, we have to pass a few things.
Of course, the first thing is I'm going to pass the book that we want to show.
So it's going to be a book.
It's going to be our M book like this in form and book for now because we want to test things out as
we go.
Let's go ahead and set it to a book here and book it.
Let's just put gibberish and title running authors me and you.
For the notes.
Let's just say hello, world.
And that should be good for now.
OK, so this is so that way so that we are able to actually use the preview and another one is going
to be on press.
Details, OK.
This all makes sense in a second here, I'm going to pass it string.
It's going to be most likely an idea of some sort and unit like this.
OK, can we just set up two nothing more empty there?
What are we doing here really is that we're passing all the the actual book, right?
Because the idea is that the Liscard will have to have a book object so we can populate with it, right?
But also, most importantly, we want to make sure that when it's clicked, read this card is clicked.
We either want to go to the details about this book or update and so forth, so we want to pass a clickable
event there.
Most importantly, also, we want to pass some sort of ID because we want a way to know what is clicking
and so that we can retrieve information of that book.
What are we going into?
Details or update screen?
All right now, let's construct our view, our card.
So I'm going to say it card right to use a card composable.
And right away, being a past a shape, it was we need a shape, of course, and we say rounded corners.
And I'm going to just say 29 deep and I'm going to give a background color.
I say color.
I'm just going to give a white color, give an elevation of about six deep.
And let's pass a modifier here.
Padding of about also 16 deep around.
I'm going to give a height of about two.
Forty two dpi, this all these numbers, I have thought about them, of course, but it can play around
with it about two or two dpi for the width.
And I also want to make this clickable, of course.
And when this is clickable or clicked, I should say we're going to call it on press details and I'm
going to call the Invoke in this case pass or book that title.
OK.
It looks like we have some issues of go ahead and drop that with either two a string.
Let's just say two string, that's fine.
So right now, it's going split and see if we can see something, hopefully and see there we go.
We have that list card which resembles this.
Now onto the contents of this card.
I'm going to start by adding a column first and I'm going to pass a modifier.
And I'm going to say the width here of this column is going to depend on a few things.
So I'm going to actually make it a little bit more dynamic in that I want the with to be depending on
the items that we are adding inside of this card.
OK.
So for that at the top here, I'm going to create a variable and I'm going to set it to this screen
width for that.
Before I do that, I have to pass a few things.
So first of all, let's go ahead and create a vowel and call this display matrix.
And this is going to be from resources that display metrics.
OK, so what is this about?
Well, first of all, we need to create this resources.
And before we even do that, we need to create the context because we need to get the context class
really of this entire composable.
So it knows exactly everything about the drawing, about the information about this composable.
So I'm going to say for context, when I use the local context provider, will composable local context
can read a bit about it doesn't have much, but it's this provides it provides a context that can be
used by Android application.
So I want to say get the current like this to get current context, and then I'm going to create the
resources, which is going to be through our context that get resources.
So this will get the resources, like I said, for us to get, for instance, the display metrics so
could see here, it's from Android util.
That display metrics are what really does.
It gets the information about where we are displaying our app, right?
So the sizes and so forth internally, we need that for this to say, Wow, now I'm going to get the
screen with.
Such and how do I do that?
I going to use the display metrics and I'm going to say get the width pixels.
So now it's going to get the width of the screen if it's a TV screen is going to get that with if it's
a pixel phone as such is going to get the whole width of the screen internally.
All right.
To get the actual screen width, I'm going to, of course, do this display metrics in this case with
pixels, and I'm going to divide that by display metrics, density of the phone.
That way, I can get the actual screen width.
That's what I need.
So now I can use that screen with what's going to be the true screen width, if you will.
And I'm going to pass in center of a column here.
I'm going to pass screen with that dpi get a dpi unit of it right?
And I'm going to subtract that by spacing, which is also multiplied by two.
And let's go ahead and create this spacing real quick here.
So Val spacing just going to give a 10, but I'm going to use a screen with that was just completed
and I'm going to subtract the product of the spacing, which is 10 and two.
So 20.
So I'm going to have subtract here 20 units and then still here, I'm going to pass a horizontal alignment
to say alignment.
I want it to be at the start, meaning it's going to be to the right.
Right at the beginning, right now, I'm going to pass over Roe because now I'm going to look at this
section and this is a rope because we have an image of a book and then we have this other these two
items here, right?
That means I'm going to have a row and then have column because I have to have these two top to bottom.
So I'm going to pass horizontal arrangement here.
I want to say Arrangement Center and I'm going to add a column I did, I said, which was going to work
on later here.
I'm going to first put together or add an image like this might.
So I'm going to add an image like this, so I'm going to use the image in passing the painter here real
quick.
And because we want to make sure that these images will be coming actually from the URL that we get
from our books.
I'm going to pass here.
I'm going to say something like this.
Well, I don't have the image yet.
Later, I'm going to say something like this book dot and get to the photo.
You're out.
We don't have that yet.
We'll get there.
Now I'm going to pass a photo here, and I will just say, remember because I'm going to be using actually
coil, which is a library used to load images, which makes it much easier and faster, so we don't
have to worry about anything.
So it's called Remember image painter.
This case, I'm going to use the data such and I can pass the URL, which I can get something and add
there.
And let's just for description, I'm going to just say book image.
Now I'll remember image painter here.
You can see that it comes from Croyle Compose, which is a library that we add dependency of.
If we go back to a project, make sure that you have this because otherwise this is not going to work.
You see, we have coil.
I've added coils somewhere.
See this dependency.
It's important to have that.
Otherwise you're not going to see not going to be able to use it.
All right, now this image here, we want to make it modify it, last pass modifier on fire.
And I want the height of this image to be about 140 deep and the width of about 100 dpi.
And I'm going to give it a little patting of about 40 like and I'm going to put a spacer right between
these two, so I'm going to say of about 50 deep.
What we're doing here really is that we've created this structure where the image is going to be.
And we're going to give it a little bit space.
Right.
That's why we put the width of 50 so that we can then have this column, which is going to have these
two items in this column there, right?
Very good.
So we're making progress.
We'll continue next.